Oh, no.
Remembering the fourteenth master in Sichuan
Kill all your words
Let Lao Tzu run away from home
Strange news is out
Why haven't they come out to find you yet?
Lan Cham
What's the matter, let's go back and talk about it
What are you doing?
Since my brothers all think my identity is fake
I'm leaving the Lus today
He voluntarily surrendered the identity of the daughter of the Lu family to Luo Yuan
Brothers don't mean that
It doesn't matter. I've always been alone.
Just go back to suffer
I can tolerate it.
Don't talk nonsense
It was my brothers' fault that you suffered in the past
We can't wait to take off all the stars now
compensate you
How could I abandon you again?
This is also my responsibility.
So many years have passed
People's character and habits will always change with the environment
Fortunately, as long as the little sister is by our side
We still have a lot of time to change it in the future
It's little sister, come back with us
Go apologize to little sister
It's my brothers' fault
I apologize to you on their behalf.
This is the end of the matter.
From now on, no one is allowed to question the gentleman of the little sister
If you wish for my glory and wealth
must not